Updated docs for new crypto builtins (#144)
Zilliqa/scilla-docs: docs/source/scilla-in-depth.rst

  The return type is ``Option String``. On success, ``Some addr`` is returned and on invalid inputs ``None`` is returned.

- ``builtin alt_bn128_G1_add p1 p2``. The builtin takes two points ``p1``, ``p2`` on the ``alt_bn128`` curve and returns 

>   the sum of the points in the underlying group G1. The input points and the result option of a point are each a ``Some (Pair (Bystr32) (ByStr32))``.

Reviewer: Let's make this sentence look like the rest of them.

  Each scalar component ``ByStr32`` of a point is a big-endian encoded number.
  Also see https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/blob/master/EIPS/eip-196.md

- ``builtin alt_bn128_G1_mul p s``. The builtin takes a point ``p`` on the ``alt_bn128`` curve (as described previously),

>   and a scalar ``ByStr32`` value ``s`` and returns the sum of the point ``p`` taken ``s`` times. The result is ``Option (Pair (ByStr32) (ByStr32))``.

Reviewer: We should say something about the cases when the result is `Some ...` and `None`.

> - ``builtin alt_bn128_G1_neg p``. The builtin takes a point ``p`` on the ``alt_bn128`` curve and returns the negation of the point/

Reviewer: Same here. Is `/` supposed to be `.`?

  The return type is ``Option String``. On success, ``Some addr`` is returned and on invalid inputs ``None`` is returned.

- ``builtin alt_bn128_G1_add p1 p2``. The builtin takes two points ``p1``, ``p2`` on the ``alt_bn128`` curve and returns 

>   the sum of the points in the underlying group G1. The input points and the result option of a point are each a ``Some (Pair Bystr32 ByStr32)``.

Reviewer: Let's tweak this description a bit to match the style of the other option-valued builtins. For instance, just above this paragraph it says:

> The return type is ``Option String``. On success, ``Some addr`` is returned and on invalid inputs ``None`` is returned.

  Each scalar component ``ByStr32`` of a point is a big-endian encoded number.
  Also see https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/blob/master/EIPS/eip-196.md

- ``builtin alt_bn128_G1_mul p s``. The builtin takes a point ``p`` on the ``alt_bn128`` curve (as described previously),
  and a scalar ``ByStr32`` value ``s`` and returns the sum of the point ``p`` taken ``s`` times. The result is an option of a point
  on the curve.

- ``builtin alt_bn128_G1_neg p``. The builtin takes a point ``p`` on the ``alt_bn128`` curve and returns the negation of the point/
  The result is an option of a point on the curve.

> - ``builtin alt_bn128_G1_bmul s``. Also known as basepoint multiplication; the builtin takes a scalar ``ByStr32`` value ``s``
>   and uses the generator of the curve to performs multiplication. The result is an option of a point on the curve.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``builtin alt_bn128_G1_bmul s``. It is known as basepoint multiplication; the builtin takes a scalar ``ByStr32`` value ``s``
  and uses the generator of the curve to perform multiplication. The result is an option of a point on the curve.
```
